Sphinx doc (#336)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocPRIM: doc/source/intro.rst

Introduction
============

Operations and Sequences
------------------------

> A ``rocPRIM`` operation is a computation over a sequence of objects returning one value (eg ``sum``) , another sequence (eg ``sort``) or multiple sequences (eg ``partition``). The elements of the sequence could be of any type or class, although template specialisation allows ``rocPRIM`` to optimise the computations over the usual numerical datatypes. Operations handle sequences by expecting ``iterators`` as input and mutable ones as output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ``rocPRIM`` operation is a computation over a sequence of objects returning one value (e.g. ``reduce``) , another sequence (e.g. ``sort``) or multiple sequences (e.g. ``partition``). The elements of the sequence could be of any type or class, although template specialization allows ``rocPRIM`` to optimize the computations over the usual numerical datatypes. Operations handle sequences by expecting ``iterators`` as input and mutable ones as output.
```
